account_invoice_start_end_dates/README.rst, before:

===============================
Account Invoice Start End Dates
===============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:fd8f3cbe2bc320dc37d284f33eefb6bb6366c3bd033d31d96e9710a863257ca2
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--closing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-closing/tree/17.0/account_invoice_start_end_dates
    :alt: OCA/account-closing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-closing-17-0/account-closing-17-0-account_invoice_start_end_dates
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/account-closing&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds the fields *Start Date* and *End Date* on invoice/move
lines.

It also adds an option *Must Have Start/End Dates* on the product form
(in the *Accounting* tab) ; if you enable this option, you will get an
error message if you try to post an invoice/move that constains such a
product on one of its lines and doesn't have start/end dates on that
line.

If you use this module, you may also be interested in several other
modules:

-  the module *sale_start_end_dates* from the `sale-workflow OCA
   project <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow>`__: this module adds
   the fields *Start Date* and *End Date* on sale order lines and copies
   the information from sale order lines to invoice/move lines.
-  the modules *account_cutoff_prepaid* and
   *account_cutoff_accrual_dates* in the `account-closing OCA
   projct <https://github.com/OCA/account-closing>`__: these modules
   allow easy computation of prepaid expenses, prepaid revenues, accrued
   expense and accrued revenue using start/end dates.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-closing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-closing/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_start_end_dates%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion

Contributors
------------

-  Alexis de Lattre <alexis.delattre@akretion.com>
-  Jeroen Evens <jeroen.evens@dynapps.be>
-  `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`__:

   -  Thao Le thaolt@trobz.com

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 16.0 to 17.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-alexis-via| image:: https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/alexis-via
    :alt: alexis-via

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-alexis-via| 

This module is part of the `OCA/account-closing <https://github.com/OCA/account-closing/tree/17.0/account_invoice_start_end_dates>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] account_invoice_start_end_dates: Migration to 18.0 Co-authored-by: Do Anh Duy <duyda@trobz.com>

account_invoice_start_end_dates/README.rst, after:

===============================
Account Invoice Start End Dates
===============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:fd8f3cbe2bc320dc37d284f33eefb6bb6366c3bd033d31d96e9710a863257ca2
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--closing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-closing/tree/18.0/account_invoice_start_end_dates
    :alt: OCA/account-closing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-closing-18-0/account-closing-18-0-account_invoice_start_end_dates
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/account-closing&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds the fields *Start Date* and *End Date* on invoice/move
lines.

It also adds an option *Must Have Start/End Dates* on the product form
(in the *Accounting* tab) ; if you enable this option, you will get an
error message if you try to post an invoice/move that constains such a
product on one of its lines and doesn't have start/end dates on that
line.

If you use this module, you may also be interested in several other
modules:

-  the module *sale_start_end_dates* from the `sale-workflow OCA
   project <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow>`__: this module adds
   the fields *Start Date* and *End Date* on sale order lines and copies
   the information from sale order lines to invoice/move lines.
-  the modules *account_cutoff_prepaid* and
   *account_cutoff_accrual_dates* in the `account-closing OCA
   projct <https://github.com/OCA/account-closing>`__: these modules
   allow easy computation of prepaid expenses, prepaid revenues, accrued
   expense and accrued revenue using start/end dates.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-closing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-closing/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_start_end_dates%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion

Contributors
------------

-  Alexis de Lattre <alexis.delattre@akretion.com>

-  Jeroen Evens <jeroen.evens@dynapps.be>

-  Frederic Grall <fgr@apik.cloud>

-  `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`__:

   -  Thao Le thaolt@trobz.com
   -  Do Anh Duy duyda@trobz.com

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 16.0 to 17.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp. The migration of this module from 17.0 to 18.0 was
financially supported by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-alexis-via| image:: https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/alexis-via
    :alt: alexis-via

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-alexis-via| 

This module is part of the `OCA/account-closing <https://github.com/OCA/account-closing/tree/18.0/account_invoice_start_end_dates>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
